INFO_TEMPLATE.md, before:

# The Integreat Chat

Our chatbot helps you find Integreat content and answer questions based on the content.

## How it works

The Integreat chat can be opened on the website by clicking on the chat icon at the bottom. If you ask a question, you'll receive a direct response from our chatbot. However, if you need more personalized assistance, a representative will answer your question as quickly as possible. Please note that this may take some time.

## What questions can you ask?

Our chatbot can only answer questions covered by the content on our platform. If you have a question that's not related to our content, we can't answer it.

## Region-specific answers

Please note that our chatbot only answers questions about the test environment content. If you need information about a different region, please select that region first and then ask your question. The chatbot is not available in all regions.

## Language support

Our chatbot will answer your questions in the language you choose. If you want to change the language, you must close the chat, change the language, and restart the chat.

## Your feedback is important to us

We're constantly working to improve our chatbot and our platform. You can leave us feedback in the chat at any time. We'll consider your suggestions as best we can.

Commit message:

Add language change to info template

INFO_TEMPLATE.md, after:

# The Integreat Chat

Our chatbot helps you find Integreat content and answer questions based on the content.

## How it works

The Integreat chat can be opened on the website by clicking on the chat icon at the bottom. If you ask a question, you'll receive a direct response from our chatbot. However, if you need more personalized assistance, a representative will answer your question as quickly as possible. Please note that this may take some time.

## What questions can you ask?

Our chatbot can only answer questions covered by the content on our platform. If you have a question that's not related to our content, we can't answer it.

## Region-specific answers

Please note that our chatbot only answers questions about the test environment content. If you need information about a different region, please select that region first and then ask your question. The chatbot is not available in all regions.

## Language support

Our chatbot will answer your questions in the language you choose. If you want to receive responses in a different language, choose your preferred language in the menu.

## Your feedback is important to us

We're constantly working to improve our chatbot and our platform. You can leave us feedback in the chat at any time. We'll consider your suggestions as best we can.
